“Blockchain: A PanaHealthcare Cloud-Based  Data Security and Privacy ”

                  


The main objective of this project is securely stored and maintain patient records in healthcare.
Healthcare is a data-intensive domain where a large amount of data is created, disseminated, stored, and accessed daily.
Blockchain technology is used to protect the healthcare data hosted within the cloud. The block that contains the medical data and the timestamp.
Cloud computing will connect different healthcare providers.

It allows the healthcare providers to access the patient details more securely from anywhere.
It preserves data from attackers. The data is encrypted prior to outsourcing to the cloud. The healthcare provider has to decrypt the data prior to download it.
Finally our model ensure the data security for accessing the patient record over the cloud.


               

PROBLEM STATEMENT:

One particular the trend observed in healthcare is the progressive shift of data and services to the cloud, partly due to convenience and savings (e.g. economics of healthcare data management). There are, however, limitations to using conventional cryptographic primitives and access control models to address security and privacy concerns in an increasingly cloud-based environm
While data integrity and distributed storage/access of blockchain offer opportunities for healthcare data management, these same features also pose challenges that need further study. The strong data integrity feature of blockchain results in immutability that any data, once stored in blockchain, cannot be altered or deleted. Another practical issue is how to fit it is for blockchain to store healthcare data. Blockchain was originally designed to record transaction data, which is relatively small in size and linear.       



                                                             

  Requirement Specification :
  SoftwareRequirements
   O/S: Windows 7,8,10

   Language: Java

   IDE: Net Beans 8.2

   DataBase: MySql

   Server: WampServer



Hardware Requirements

  System : Pentium IV 2.4 GHz

  Hard Disk : 160 GB

  Monitor : 15 VGAcolor

  Mouse : Logitech.

  Keyboard: 110 keys enhanced

  Ram : 2GB



Project Applications :
To secure the data of patients. 
To maintain the standard privacy of patients. 
Health Information Exchange 
Medical Imaging 
retrieve an information from cloud storage. 
Increase the accuracy of the result. 
The data’s are highly secured.
                                                 

EXPECTED OUTCOMES:
  The organized and coordinated treatment process 
  Improved patient safety
  Betterment in patient care 
  Circumvention of medical errors 
  Minimized operational expense
